[Doc] Reorg doc structure (#956)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/cli/graph-construction/single-machine-gconstruct.rst

            }
        ]
    }

.. _configurations-partition:

Graph Partition
============================

> For users who are already familiar with DGL and know how to construct DGL graph, GraphStorm provides two graph partition tools to partition DGL graphs into the required input format for GraphStorm launch tool for training and inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users who are already familiar with DGL and know how to construct DGL graphs, GraphStorm provides two graph partition tools to partition DGL graphs into the required input format for GraphStorm launch tool for training and inference.
```

* `partition_graph.py <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/tools/partition_graph.py>`_: for Node/Edge Classification/Regress task graph partition.
* `partition_graph_lp.py <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/tools/partition_graph_lp.py>`_: for Link Prediction task graph partition.

`partition_graph.py <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/tools/partition_graph.py>`_ arguments
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- **-\-dataset**: (**Required**) the graph dataset name defined for the saved DGL graph file.
- **-\-filepath**: (**Required**) the file path of the saved DGL graph file.

> - **-\-target-ntype**: the node type for making prediction, required for node classification/regression tasks. This argument is associated with the node type having labels. Current GraphStorm supports **one** predict node type only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-target-ntype**: the node type for making prediction, required for node classification/regression tasks. This argument is associated with the node type having labels. Current GraphStorm supports **one** prediction node type only.
```

- **-\-ntype-task**: the node type task to perform. Only support ``classification`` and ``regression`` so far. Default is ``classification``.

> - **-\-nlabel-field**: the field that stores labels on the predict node type, **required** if set the **target-ntype**. The format is ``nodetype:labelname``, e.g., `"paper:label"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-nlabel-field**: the field that stores labels on the prediction node type, **required** if **target-ntype** is set. The format is ``nodetype:labelname``, e.g., `"paper:label"`.
```

> - **-\-target-etype**: the canonical edge type for making prediction, **required** for edge classification/regression tasks. This argument is associated with the edge type having labels. Current GraphStorm supports **one** predict edge type only. The format is ``src_ntype,etype,dst_ntype``, e.g., `"author,write,paper"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-target-etype**: the canonical edge type for making prediction, **required** for edge classification/regression tasks. This argument is associated with the edge type having labels. Current GraphStorm supports **one** prediction edge type only. The format is ``src_ntype,etype,dst_ntype``, e.g., `"author,write,paper"`.
```

- **-\-etype-task**: the edge type task to perform. Only allow ``classification`` and ``regression`` so far. Default is ``classification``.

> - **-\-elabel-field**: the field that stores labels on the predict edge type, required if set the **target-etype**. The format is ``src_ntype,etype,dst_ntype:labelname``, e.g., `"author,write,paper:label"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-elabel-field**: the field that stores labels on the prediction edge type, required if **target-etype** is set. The format is ``src_ntype,etype,dst_ntype:labelname``, e.g., `"author,write,paper:label"`.
```

> - **-\-generate-new-node-split**: a boolean value, required if need the partition script to split nodes for training/validation/test sets. If set this argument ``true``, **must** set the **target-ntype** argument too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-generate-new-node-split**: a boolean value, required if need the partition script to split nodes for training/validation/test sets. If this argument is set to ``true``, the **target-ntype** argument **must** also be set.
```

> - **-\-generate-new-edge-split**: a boolean value, required if need the partition script to split edges for training/validation/test sets. If set this argument ``true``, you must set the **target-etype** argument too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-generate-new-edge-split**: a boolean value, required if need the partition script to split edges for training/validation/test sets. If this argument is set to ``true``, the **target-etype** argument **must** also be set.
```

- **-\-train-pct**: a float value (\>0. and \<1.) with default value ``0.8``. If you want the partition script to split nodes/edges for training/validation/test sets, you can set this value to control the percentage of nodes/edges for training.
- **-\-val-pct**: a float value (\>0. and \<1.) with default value ``0.1``. You can set this value to control the percentage of nodes/edges for validation. 

.. Note::
    The sum of the **train-pct** and **val-pct** should be less than 1. And the percentage of test nodes/edges is the result of 1-(train_pct + val_pct).

- **-\-add-reverse-edges**: if add this argument, will add reverse edges to the given graph.

> - **-\-retain-original-features**: boolean value to control if use the original features generated by dataset, e.g., embeddings of paper abstracts. If set to ``true``, will keep the original features; otherwise we will use the tokenized text for using BERT models to generate embeddings.

Reviewer: We can remove the docstring of ``--retain-original-features``. It is only used by built-in datasets like ogbn-arxiv, ogbn-products, etc.

Author: Removed.

> - **-\-num-parts**: (**Required**) integer value that specifies partitions the DGL graph to be split. Remember this number because we will need to set it in the model training step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-num-parts**: (**Required**) an integer value that specifies the number of graph partitions to produce. Remember this number because we will need to set it in the model training step.
```

Reviewer: Can you also link to where this value is used?

> - **-\-output**: (**Required**) the folder path that the partitioned DGL graph will be saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-output**: (**Required**) the folder path that the partitioned DGL graphs will be saved.
```

`partition_graph_lp.py <https://github.com/awslabs/graphstorm/blob/main/tools/partition_graph_lp.py>`_ arguments
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- **-\-dataset**: (**Required**) the graph name defined for the saved DGL graph file.
- **-\-filepath**: (**Required**) the file path of the saved DGL graph file.

> - **-\-target-etypes**: (**Required**) the canonical edge type for making prediction.  GraphStorm supports **one** predict edge type only. The format is ``src_ntype,etype,dst_ntype``, e.g., `"author,write,paper"`.

Reviewer: According to 
```
argparser.add_argument('--target-etypes', type=str, help='The canonical edge types for making'
                           + ' prediction. Multiple edge types can be separated by " ". '
                           + 'For example, "EntA,Links,EntB EntC,Links,EntD"')
```
There can be multiple edge types.

Author: Updated.

> - **-\-train-pct**: a float value (\>0. and \<1.) with default value ``0.8``. If you want the partition script to split nodes/edges for training/validation/test sets, you can set this value to control the percentage of nodes/edges for training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-train-pct**: a float value (\>0. and \<1.) with default value ``0.8``. If you want the partition script to split edges for training/validation/test sets, you can set this value to control the percentage of edges for training.
```

> - **-\-val-pct**: a float value (\>0. and \<1.) with default value ``0.1``. You can set this value to control the percentage of nodes/edges for validation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-val-pct**: a float value (\>0. and \<1.) with default value ``0.1``. You can set this value to control the percentage of edges for validation. 
```

.. Note:: 

>     The sum of the **train-pct** and **val-pct** should less than 1. And the percentage of test nodes/edges is the result of 1-(train_pct + val_pct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The sum of the **train-pct** and **val-pct** should less than 1. And the percentage of test edges is the result of 1-(train_pct + val_pct).
```

- **-\-add-reverse-edges**: if add this argument, will add reverse edges to the given graphs.

> - **-\-train-graph-only**: boolean value to control if partition the training graph or not, default is ``true``.

Reviewer: The description here is misleading.
According to the code, if train_graph_only is True, only the training graph (edges with train_mask) is used to create the partitioned graph. The validation and test edges will be dropped.

Author: Updated to `boolean value to control if only use the train graph (edges with ``train_mask``) to create the graph for partition.`

> - **-\-retain-original-features**: boolean value to control if use the original features generated by dataset, e.g., embeddings of paper abstracts. If set to ``true``, will keep the original features; otherwise we will use the tokenized text for using BERT models to generate embeddings.

Reviewer: remove.

> - **-\-retain-etypes**: the list of canonical edge type that will be retained before partitioning the graph. This might be helpful to remove noise edges in this application. Format example: ``—-retain-etypes query,clicks,asin query,adds,asin query,purchases,asin asin,rev-clicks,query``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **-\-retain-etypes**: the list of canonical edge type that will be retained before partitioning the graph. This might be helpful to remove noisy edge types in a graph. Format example: ``—-retain-etypes query,clicks,asin query,adds,asin query,purchases,asin asin,rev-clicks,query``.
```

Author: Removed the `train-graph-only`, `retain-original-features`, `retain-etypes`.

> - **-\-num-parts**: (**Required**) integer value that specifies partitions the DGL graph to be split. Remember this number because we will need to set it in the model training step.

Reviewer: Ditto

Author: updated.
